# 2-4-2021 Minutes

## Question 1
### Team/Group Number

7

## Question 2
### Actions Worked in Past Week:

NA

## Question 3
### New Actions Assigned to You:

Action 1: "Submit project ideas on discord channel" Assigned: Everyone Due: 2/6
Action 2: "Vote on project ideas in discord channel" Assigned: Everyone Due: 2/8

#### Derrick

Action 3: "Submit project proposal" Assigned: Derrick Due: 2/9

## Question 4
### Completed Actions:

NA

## Question 5
### Planned Work:

#### Hayden

submit ideas for project and vote via discord in support of actions 1 and 2

#### Cassandra

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

#### Parker

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

#### William

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

#### Derrick

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

#### Hunter

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

#### Charles

{ What work do you plan to perform over the next week? Identify any Actions the work contributes to closing. Be specific about what you plan to do. }

## Question 6
### Decisions and Other Contributions in Past Week:

Voted on agile via discord.	
